 All right, we'll let Ben in now in 321 and Eason. Hey Ben, can you help me? Wait, can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, I can. Perfect. There you go. Okay. Ben, thank you so much for joining on Sizi Short notice. And before starting, just wanted to introduce myself. Again, I'm Nick. I am part of the Clara team. We reach out to businesses across North America. And we have built this AI agents for trades businesses specifically. And to help us with that, I have here with me, my colleague, Bharat, who's the solutions expert and the growth partner at Clara AI. And he is the best person who knows everything in and out about the industry as well as the product. So he'll be the one who will be walking us through the presentation today. Over to you, Bharat. Thank you, Nick. Ben, good morning. How are you? I'm doing very well. How are you? Very well. Really excited about our conversation. And I'm glad that we're able to do it earlier because sooner rather than better about everything, right? Absolutely. That's what I thought too. So, and I hope we have enough time to have a conversation. I hope you're not in rush to probably hop off somewhere or I am always in a rush but no, we've got time. Great. So let me start off by introducing myself and my company, what we do. And after that, we'd love to know a little about you as well. Since it's the first time we've connected. And then we'll dive into what we're doing. And then we do a demo of our platform. And then we'll see how things go from there. Sounds good. Okay. So I am Bharat. I work with Nick and a few other folks. So we're very lean team. And I represent the solutions team here at Clara. What I do day in and day out, then is I speak to contractors such as yourself, understand your workflows, see how you're doing things right now, which I'm sure is at a very optimal level of doing things efficiently. But after understanding, I see where can we plug in our solution to further enhance the way of you do things. And that's what I'll be doing here today as well. And a little about the company. So we started a while ago, it's been close to three years now. And why we started what we do today is because we saw AI taking over the world, I'm sure you also have heard it's everywhere. Yeah. What we saw, however, was, yeah, was penetrating really deeply into the white collar business, you know, all the fortune-fired ones of the world are using it, which is absolutely fine. The trades, however, you know, the blue color industry didn't see a lot of penetration as compared to the white collar industry. That's how our journey began, we started speaking to a lot of contractors and real as there are a lot of opportunities for us to work now, what those opportunities are, what we picked up from there, what we actually built as something I'm going to show you in just a bit, but I'll pause here. Sure. And I'd love to know a little about you, you know, how long have you been in this business and anything that you might have to share our modules. Oh, yeah, no, I mean, I've been working for myself for about eight years now. And it's fun. Right, I've been an electrician for 30 years, writing my own business for like I said, the last eight. Sorry, I'm going to try and grow pretty try and grow a little bit bigger here this year. You know, we've been relatively small, right? I just have a couple guys, a couple fans out on the road. Do a lot of the pretty much all the admin and backend stuff myself, right? Which is going fine, but as we get busier, you know, I've got got to get some help here. So I've actually got another guy who's going to be coming on as the operations manager to help me out with all of that sort of stuff, right? Yeah, that's about it, you know, I've dabbled with having a virtual receptionist like, yeah, and that didn't that didn't go great. But I probably didn't really know how to use her properly either. So virtual assistants and I should say an virtual reception, which actually might be an interesting thing. I've tried, tried looking into like a different phone system. So I could have an app for everybody from my team to have like one company line. But it was really weird. The app that we had, it gave us everybody was assigned a different number. And nobody ever answered the phone because they're all they all look like spam. They all it just looked like a weird foreign number of different names came up. So that was a shady experience too. So sorry, I put my language. We shut that down right quick. So that you know, that's what it is. I mean, we're pretty basic. I've got a software called Jabra that runs on my CRM. And it's fantastic. It really helps a lot. Okay. Yeah, that's that's us. That's quite helpful. And thank you for sharing so much and so little time. Yeah, I would quite a lot of things. So job was your CRM. Great. We're familiar with that. And the reason why we're familiar with that is because the folks who started this company have 15 to 20 years of experience in the trades business themselves. They are contractors. They are folks who are building tech. So it's an interjection of all of that is how the founder actually started on this journey. So great. I'm familiar with how job it works. You mentioned that you have a couple of trucks out in the field. So you have what? More people working for you today out in the field. I've got I've got two company works fans. I'm getting a third one on the road at the end of the week here. So I'll have three company work fans. And then I've got two subcontractors I use. So about four vans on the road, typically is what we're going to be operating. By the end of the year, I want to have five. Lovely. And so you mentioned you have subcontractors. We've joined and I'm assuming for certain projects, certain tasks. I'm assuming. Yeah, pretty much I've got, you know, when we get busy, I bring in subcontractors to take in the overflow work. So I mean, I've had one guy working basically full time for me as a subcontractor. Subcontractors are great because they're generally pretty good electricians who think, you know, that's where they're all working on their own. They're also not as reliable because when they get their own jobs, sometimes they don't get very much notice. So that's where we're getting another company van on the road. Because I'm definitely busy enough to have three full time guys pick up the subs, scroll back a little bit of their work, but keep them going and so on and so forth. Great. So subcontractors come in and come out. You have of course, somebody who's been with you consistently. But if you talk about the full time guys, full time electricians like journeymans or to do you have a few of them as well with you? Yeah. So each van will have has a full time journeyman. So I've got three journeyman. And then I'll have one apprentice actually just laid off an apprentice so off but we're getting another apprentice here pretty soon. God. So you have like a team of four people including you and then you have four plus me plus the subcontractor. And then I'm also bringing in like a management guy to help me out with the estimating and stuff. Very cool. Okay. So yeah, pretty close to having five, I guess employees plus myself in the sub. Lovely. So all the other folks, if I've gotten that correctly, I usually out in the field, I'm assuming that is where you're the one who's taking care of the entire office. That's right. Yeah. But I'm do you do you go out in the field as well at times because you also have like 30 years of experience I'm assuming. I do. I try I try not to need to be helping the guys, but generally I can help them over the phone. But I go wouldn't feel to look at jobs and do quotes, right? A lot of customer facing stuff. Got it. So I'm assuming that at times because you have so much experience, your guys out in the field whenever they have any questions, they might be reaching out to you. And you can of course, like you mentioned, over the phone, you can probably guide them out troubles you things like that. Yeah. Interesting. So that also happens. Okay. Let's talk about you in the office. I'm assuming you're very well versed with how job it works. You are getting the calls. Actually, before that, what kind of jobs do you do? Are you talking about service calls? Are we talking about projects? Everything. Oh, so we do we do service calls. We'll do just small jobs on jobs. We get a lot of weird stuff. Yeah, not a lot of contractors do that. A lot of renovations, a lot of troubleshooting. And then, yeah, we do get some full projects like new customer home were 10 and in fill 10 and improvement building, right? That's sort of thing. That's work. A lot of kind of different kinds of work. It is, you know, we do EV chargers, we do hot to hookups, panel changes, right? All that service and maintenance stuff. I was about to ask you, I saw EV on your website. I was like, okay, wow, so you're doing electrical work because I saw you're doing residential commercial projects, everything was there. I was throwing them, I was like, oh, wow, you have EV as well. So there's a lot of things that go into that as well. I'm very curious how you managing all this. It's a lot of work. It's a lot. It isn't it isn't. You know, I mean, it's all electrical and all needs to be done by electricians. We all have the skills. It's really just a matter of what, what things we've actually worked with, you know, like the first time you hook up an electric vehicle charger, you got to figure it out. But once you've once you figured it out, then it's a lot easier. You do stretch ourselves fairly thin with the services. So it's tough to let certain things go. You know, if customer gives us a call, we got some work. Yeah, sure. We don't know. You know, there's some things we don't do anymore. I was trying to like the gem stone lights for a little while, but that just, it wasn't, it wasn't worth it, basically, you know, so we still get calls for that. And I'm able to say, no, we don't do that, right? But okay. So finally, started turning down a little bit of work because that's part of probably outside your expertise. Yeah, exactly. It really is, you know, it's definitely good to have the guys trained in certain things. That's the fun challenge because I can do just about anything, but like I said, I've got 30 years. You know, so some of the guys, they definitely don't have the same vision. The younger guys don't have the same experience so that they can't necessarily take everything on. With the same knowledge, anyways, which sense and since you mentioned service, the first thing that rang in my head was that, okay, service calls means that you're getting calls left, right and center. You're probably getting calls during hours, you're getting calls after hours, you're getting called over the weekend, I'm assuming you might have gotten calls around the holidays, I don't know, because service calls happen at all times, right? We do. Yeah. Yeah. Most of them is business, business hours, but I do get the occasional call after hours and weekends. Sometimes I do turn some of that stuff down to because we're not, we're not equipped for emergency services, except for some of our regular property managers and general contractors, then we'll, you know, we'll get out there for emergency calls for them. But you know, if someone I don't know has an emergency call in the weekend, all the further elsewhere. That's not so. So you do so. Do you have somebody on call or you you not have somebody on call after hours? I'm the one on call. So that's when you go out in the field during the day, it's all about managing the operations and after hours when you probably. Yeah. And I don't have to very often. I've got, I've got one contractor. They are one property manager. They run some gas stations. So sometimes when they're, if their pumps go down, they've got to be fixed now. And so I get out there and do that one because I don't have any of my guys on call. Interesting. Okay. That's all very helpful. Thank you so much, Ben. And pardon my constant questioning. I'm just trying to understand you a little better. And I think it's actually quite interesting how you've been running so far and how you have a vision to get your company to a certain level by the end of this year. That's amazing. And I have a free follow up question. I'll pause on that. What I'm very curious to know is your experience with the, you mentioned a virtual receptionist or a virtual, was it an AI solution or what was actually a virtual assistant? So it was a, it was a live person that had access to 20 hours a week of her time kind of thing or whatever it was, right? And so it was more both of us communicating with her. But because I got in, yeah, it was weird because I was only paying for a certain number of hours, right, which is fixed. It's, I couldn't have her answering the phones necessarily. I maybe could have, but I didn't have that. I didn't know how to set that up. I probably could have, I could have used her a little bit more to do more client and dad entry. But it was kind of weird. I think, I think someone in that position, I needed them to be a bit more proactive. And I was pretty new to my business. I have, I have an assistant now who, who I'm going to be bringing on as a operations manager or estimator to help me with the stuff that I'm doing. And kind of figured that out of the school way better and communicate with him all the time. Get him to do a lot of data entry for me. And then here, next month, I'm going to be getting him to go look at some jobs by himself, like he's been coming with me to do quotes. So well, so he's also going to be exposed to a lot of things, not just with the office piece, but he also going to be coming with the art and the field and understanding the jobs. You can have building another you in the company. Okay, that's the goal, to be honest, yeah. Nice. Okay. And thank you for clarifying about the virtual assistant. I was under the impression that so why I got a little confused there? Because we've also built something which we started calling it as a virtual assistant, but it's actually not another person. Right. It's tech. Right. Okay. Yeah. So I was I was thinking along those lines, but glad that you clarify that. So just so that I understand things correctly, there was another person was sitting probably somewhere else. And I think she's in Toronto. Toronto. Okay. And she was taking the calls for you and helping you out. And but it was a person at the end of it, right? He was a person I wasn't having her taking calls. Which I think would have been would have been kind of cool. It was more like I'd have to message her and ask her to do some dad entry or that's pretty much it. And honestly, I didn't use her very much. I didn't really know how probably could have done better. I could have done a lot better, but it wasn't the greatest fit. Anyways, for me. And this was probably very early in the business because you mentioned that you did it at the start. And it's been 80 years since you've been running the company. So I'm assuming it was the first year two or three. Okay. And since then, anything that you probably tried to experiment with? No, no. Okay. So we'll probably be the first ones to show you something which would be very different out of the box, which if you like it, you probably would want to experiment with. Yeah, I haven't experiment with anything AI. So you haven't or you have no, okay, not anyone around you might have looked at anything that using that uses the AI or no, not really. Okay. So I'm more excited now because now I have like a lot of pressure to show you the magic that AI can do. And I'm also equally excited because we've been spending years into building this and speaking to somebody and showing it to the first time the reactions, very different. I'm looking forward to that. Okay. So now let me tell you what we do. Ben and again, while I'm doing that, just now I've been constantly bashing you with questions, you can do that too. Right? Okay. Sounds good. So like I said, we start on this journey a while ago and spoke to a lot of people understood the areas. Now we broke down into different segments. One is the back office. The other is the field, then we have the customers, the end customer, something for them. Now within these segments, we picked up certain use cases where we saw certain things are very ad hoc. You can't predict them. For example, your guys are, your guys going out on the field, you can't predict what's going to happen on the site. Right? You might think that the job might last for say a few hours, but turns out to be a few, a few days can't be a job. You can't predict that. But in this entire workflow, what we were looking for was certain areas that can be automated because there are certain things which are redundant. Okay. Right? And that's how we started on our journey. We built a lot of agents. So as of today, we have close to six agents catering to different aspects of the business. And I believe in your conversation with Nick, Nick might have told you that we're also building certain AI solutions that can help you with your back office things. Do you remember any of those things or? No, I'm not. Okay. So I'm going to tell you everything from scratch. I know I said, so we'll start with this most simplest thing. What we've tried to build is a solution that can help you specifically. Since you mentioned that you're the one taking calls, you probably get calls after hours, you probably get calls from the emergencies, you might go or might not go, but pointers are the calls are coming in. You've to speak to the customers. There are certain times, the calls are relevant. Certain times the calls are relevant. So how can we help Ben safe time on this task? Okay. Because if it's a relevant call, the next step would be to qualify that kind of job. It's the right kind of job that you cater to. And if it is, then you obviously would go ahead and book it for you guys. That's the flow. Yeah. Of course, it varies from company to company that are a lot of variables. It's like, what system are you talking about? What kind of jobs do you do? What how well do you train this person? So just think of it as a person sitting in the office, taking calls for you, day in day out, there's no limit on the hours available around the clock 24 7 speaking to the customer, not just emailing or texting. Right. Whenever they call it speaks understands and then responds and acts on top of it. So that's one solution that people can do. Okay. Does the, hmm, it's interesting. Because we do such a varied range of work. So if I'm getting AI and answer customers. I guess is the AI, is it able to ask me questions on how to handle certain things? If if someone calls and starts talking about generators and I haven't, haven't done anything about generators, you know, it's not part of our repertoire. It's nothing we would have programmed into AI. What if someone calls and says, can you help with the generator? And I don't necessarily want to defer that call. I want to take that call. Will AI be able to kind of handle that? How, how would the AI, I mean, at this point, we're talking about AI reception for at this particular point, right? That is correct. Yeah. So how would it handle all that kind of thing? The short answer is the way you want to. Okay. And the long answer is, of course, we can go deep into the AI systems. Then that's where our onboarding comes with the pictures. When let's say you decide, after you look at this, you see this is interesting and you want to implement it. So we don't take you life in the next 15 minutes. We actually spend a few days understand the kind of workflows that you cater to, what kind of jobs that you do, what the kinds of jobs you don't do, what are the kind of workflows that you currently follow and then accordingly, ready one of those calls to go out. Okay. And if I throw an example, that you're random example, let's say somebody called an asked for say a certain invoice. There's an objection about an invoice. Now tomorrow, if Ben has an accounting department, that call, I really should go to that accounting department and they resolve that. So the AI is already trained and configured that if somebody's asking for an invoice, it validates and verifies that this is a legitimate call. And then it routes it to that person and their own rings automatically. Okay. And they pick it up. So we call them smart escalations. That's just one example. But the point of telling this is that whatever you want the system to do, it will, because it's 100 percent customizable. Okay. And in fact, I want you to try that out as well. I mean, while we do a demo in the next 30 seconds or 60 seconds, I would want you to ask it random questions. Of course, it's currently configured to say that yes, it caters to generators, but I probably ask it's something out of the box like, okay, what about can you make me a pizza? Right. Just see how the system responds, right? Okay. And there are there are people who do actually ask it very random question, then you want the system to be able to cater to those kind of conversations to right? Yeah, yes. Yeah. So I'll hold off on telling you all that it does now. Let me show it to you. And once you experience it yourself, then we can talk more about what else can you do? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So let's run a short simulation. What we'll do is I'll actually use your help in the demo. I'll flash a number on your screen. And all you have to do is just dial that number and speak to it like your customer speak to you. Okay. As an you know, you have an electrical problem. And what's the problem? Maybe there is there are sparks coming out of certain circuit boards or anything for that matter. There's no electricity. Okay. And just see how the system responds and ask it questions that you know, I don't know what to do. Do you think I should I mean, whatever you want to ask it if the costs, the time of service, anything, whatever comes to your mind. Okay. Yeah. And let's see how the system responds. Sure. Yeah. Great. Do you have a phone handy? Ben? I do. Yeah. Okay. So what I'll do is I'll just flash a number on your screen right now. And you should be able to see it in the next seven seconds. And once you do, let's call it and see how it responds. Just a request if you could keep your phone on speakers that even I can listen the other side, I'll be really help. Sure. You should probably mute my zoom, hey? No, I don't think you need to mute your zoom. Just call from your phone and keep the zoom on that. Can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay. Two of seven, 1364. Okay. You can swear from a agency company. How can I help you today? Oh hello. I'm wondering if you guys do outlet replacements. There. We give them out of that replacement. Are you looking to replace a single outlet or do you have multiple that attention? And is there any issue with the current outlet or is it just an upgrade? We want to redo all the outlets in the house and have the aluminum mitigated. I'm sure that creating all outlets and addressing aluminum wiring is a smart move for safety. Can I get your name and the address where the work will be done? That way I can check availability and get you set up on that. My name is Ben and the address is 17119 Sundown Road, Scythes, Calgary, Alberta. Let me quickly verify that address for you. Thanks Ben. Just to confirm is the address 17119 Sundown Road SE Calgary, Alberta P2X3D4. Did I get that right? Yes. Do you guys also do fixed replacements? When a staff and stranger outlets meet smart safety codes, especially when dealing with aluminum wiring, our licensed electricians will make sure everything is up to standard and safe for your home. You might consider a visit for a full assessment and quote, just to put note, many of our customers join our club membership for priority scheduling, discounts on services, and annual safety checks. I can share more details if you're interested. Not right now. No problem at all. Let's focus on your outlet and aluminum wiring project. What's the best phone number to reach you Ben? In case we need to confirm any details or scheduling, and do you have a preferred date or time for the assessment? 403-975-1773, and I'd like to have somebody come out on Friday if possible. Thank you. Just to confirm your number is 403-975-1773, correct? Yes. State. Where do you mean Friday, January 9th, 2026? Do you have a preferred time of day, morning or afternoon? 6am would be great. Got it. Friday, January 9th, 2026 at 6am. That's a bit earlier than our standard hours, which started at 8am, but I'll check if we can accommodate an early appointment for you. If we can't do 6am, would you prefer the first available slot after 8am, or would you like to pick another time? Pick another time. Understood. I'll schedule you for the first available slot after 8am on Friday, January 9th, 2026. I'll confirm the exact time with our team and let you know. You're all set for now, Ben. If you have any other questions or need to adjust the appointment, just let us know. Thanks for calling and have a great day. Thanks. Okay. You're going to hang out. Welcome, Ben. We'll be in touch soon to confirm your appointment time for Friday. Have a great day. Love you too. Wow. That was actually pretty good. What are your first reactions? Yeah, yeah. That was an action movie that I liked that. Yes, surprised at how good it was, to be honest. I mean, you know, for being the person I am, you know, you can tell right away you're talking to a computer, but that's okay. Who cares? It answered all my questions. It did everything. I tried interrupting or two. You know, requested a time that we're not actually open, which you must have given us some provisions of our company. I don't know. But that was pretty cool. Actually, I like that. Yes. So you got that absolutely right? Right now it's a demo. It's not built or trained on your business just yet. Yeah. But it will be. That's what we'll do. That's step one, of course. And I'll tell you a little bit about what the system does. So you had experience to call yourself. But if you get say, 20, 30 calls at the same time, Ben's only one person today. He can only take one or few calls. The remaining goes into voice mail. Something. The systems capable of taking 20, 30 calls at the same time. Okay. Here. Can speak to people in different languages. And is very, very flexible in navigating all of these conversations. And right now, how we've trained the system is to get the meetings booked. Right? That's the most important task. If somebody's calling, you should be able to get it to a meeting level. Right? And if you want that to not be the case, you wanted to have some more probing questions like it. Okay. That's the problem. Why is it a problem? Have you done anything about it? Right. Have you get it replaced or checked before anything? We can have multiple layers of probing questions that can be configured into the system. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And other pieces like I was mentioning earlier, the smart escalation. So if let's say there's a call about a certain job in which Ben's not required on this conversation, but it needs to be routed to someone else. So we can have those workflows configured that it gets escalated to that person. Okay. Yeah. And just in case that person's not available, it can go to person B then person C and person D. So in any case of customers calling you, there's never going to be a missed call ever. Okay. That's actually cool. So what, like what does AI do after like my call with AI? What does it do next? Great question. So you just had a call right now. What happens to that call is your question. So yeah, obviously I need to be informed of what happened there and what's the details and absolutely. Right. And you would be informed through various channels, depending on your convenience. The first, you can get an email with everything about the call. You can get a text about everything that was discussed on the call. And then on top of that, you also have a full-fledged dashboard to keep a track of everything that happened on that call and what are the certain analytics around it. So let me show that to you now. Sure. Yes. Can you zoom in a little bit for you to can you see my screen? Yes. This is a rough example, but this is the kind of email that you'll get with sales. Okay, what was the intent? It was a service request. Who's the person who called and his details? So maybe the person was this, the number, the address of the provided. It's all here. Why did they call? So like a one line summary of everything that was discussed on the call and what's the preferred job date and preferred job time if that was discussed. Then if you want, you can of course download and listen to the entire recording and the transcript is right here. So you can refer to that. Oh wow. Okay. Okay. That's one. The same information you come to you via texts, but a lot of people who are relatively a little more tech savvy prefer a dashboard. Okay. So this dashboard tells you, okay, you got X number of calls out of which Y calls were answered, which means this is the number of minutes of conversations you've had with the customers out of which, how many of a potential leads. Okay. What I want you to notice is that there are a few calls that are not potential leads, which means there were people who were trying to call you and sell you something. Right. And insurance credit cards. You get a lot of time spent on such calls telling them that, okay, I'm not interested. So those are the kinds of calls that will be filtered out automatically. Okay, good. And you do. Oh yeah. Yeah. You can see them under call history. So we track the intent of every call as well. So if you see here, we're tracking it was a service call or it was an emergency call. It was an inquiry. Similarly, there's a feature called others. It's under the filters. What that would do is it would help you. It will tell you, okay, there was a call. It was irrelevant. Now what this system can also do is let's say there was a service. Actually, let's open your call. This refresh rate. What was already here? Shouldn't have refreshed. Let's go here. And so this is the kind of information that we were able to capture. And all that we discussed is right here. You can listen to the recording as well. Now the system also helps you assign it to somebody. So let's see, you've made a call. Now you want to assign this call to somebody in your company. Now that person will be able to see this call. So that person can only work on these kind of jobs. The ones that you're assigning them. And yeah, so you have a full set of that. So, okay, so I can go in and look at the dashboard and then I can assign the call to a team member. That's the A and I can be assigning or do I do the assigning? So currently it'll be you who'll be doing the assigning initially because we've got to understand how the patterns are and then eventually in the next few phases we can have that be automated as well. Okay, and so I mean like I said right now I'm the one that deals with everything. But some of the stuff I could have another team member deal with. So we would all need to have a login to the dashboard then, right or something like that. Yes, everyone can and will be mostly getting a login provider. You want that to be the case. And then you will have the admin access as well and you can see everything that's going on everywhere. But your guys will only be able to see the jobs that you have assigned to them. Okay, okay. So then the next step for me once we get this is then I would need to get this whether to site visit or an actual job or we need to create a quote. I need to get this information over into job. So is that something like is there integration or is that basically I saw my team member they look at it, they put it into Java, which is fine if that's the best way to do it. So currently I'm glad that you highlighted that currently we have an integration with a lot of systems that you probably might have heard of called service Titan. We have house called Pro, service fusion, the Zen platform, the job we're in process of building that integration. Okay, okay. Yeah, if you see if I go into the settings section and under the setting section, if you go into integrations. So you'll be able to see job, which isn't processed. Yeah, coming soon. Yeah. Oh, that's a good call. That's great. And that actually leads us to our next agent. But again, I don't want to overwhelm you, but I'm just telling you the future of Clare. So yeah. Oh, so far what the system's been able to do is speak to the customer, understand the problem and actually have it broken down into its service for this, this, this thing. This is happening here. Now the next step is like you mentioned, assigning it to somebody. So we've already built a dispatching agent. What that agent does is once it has the information, it bases on where your electricians are, their skill sets, their schedule, because all of that information is going to be in your job or system. Yeah, it can pull that information and then automatically assign it. And by an automatically, I mean, it'll almost put it on the scheduler. You'll have to put, like press the final button. Okay, let's go ahead and schedule it. Why it doesn't do the entire thing itself? It's because you never know. I mean, there could be certain scenarios where you don't want that scheduling to happen automatically, because the customers get a notification immediately once you schedule it, right? So we don't want that. Okay. I don't know if job does that, but it notifies usually these platforms, notify the customer that a job has been scheduled. Yeah, if we select to do so, yeah. Right. And what I normally do, I'm usually talking to the customer via phone or email or text, we sit at the appointments, and then I plug it into the calendar and jobber. And then I've got the option to send them a text, which sometimes I'll do, but for the most part, since we've just discussed it all the phone, yeah, sometimes. Yeah. Just, is clear. I have a, it's own calendar and scheduler. We currently don't. And we're not, because that's a different ballgame altogether, then we'll be competing with the folks that we're wanting to work with. And we're trying to build what we like to call a system of action that actually takes actions rather than a system of a record, which is a traditional CRM, which is like a job or a Zen or etc. So we're not really in that space. We're working on top of them, like with them, integrating into them and then working with them together. Yes, sense. Yeah. And so yeah, the second piece is the dispatcher, where once the integrations live, if you want, we can explore that as well. And similarly, we have a few other agents, which includes reminding your customers about the scheduled jobs. Okay. So let's say you have a job that schedule, or the next week is booked completely. These could be service calls, projects, or anything to that, matter. And you want that to be that one call going out and confirming that's a, we're ready. We'll be there. And once the customer says yes, it goes ahead with it. Right. Okay. So answers, dispatch, confirm, confirm and reminds the same, then we have reviews. So after the job's done, you can also call out customers asking how the experience was if they like everything. And that information can be converted into text, which can be plugged into your website, your Google, your Facebook accounts. And the final piece for the office is collections. I don't know if that asked you in voices or overdoin voices. Yeah, that's actually something I'm working on too is making sure I'm getting deposits and credit cards on file. Okay. We're improving that right now. Okay. So you do have certain pending invoices in that case. I do. Yeah. So what we've already built something for that is that Clare can integrate into your accounting system, which more often or not is usually quick books for a lot of people. I don't know if you use QuickBooks. I mean, I do use QuickBooks, but all my invoices and goes up, it does go through Java. No, we have that way of working with Java. Clare understands the invoices and the jobs, calls out the customer, reminds them that Ben did the job on this date. This was the job all about. This is the invoice number. That's the amount that's pending. And this is what we're expecting. So why when can we do it? And these happen in different tonalities. If it's just say two days later, it's still in that net 13 at 60, the conversation is going to be very happy. Don't, whereas if it's been a year since you've been waiting and they've been stretching it or dealing with it, it can be more firm. It can be more serious and professional. So all that can be configured. So those calls can go out. Cool. Okay. So can I just make the phone calls? Yes. Because Java does its own. Like it's got a couple follow up emails and messages, right? Further invoices. But yeah, sometimes it gets to that point. We've got to start making phone calls. Nice. It's a little more direct and a little more quicker way in another opinion. But we also have a tendency of not just tapping them via calls, we have emails, we have texts, everything's configured. So we can have workflows, but in some mix of omni channel approach in a way. Okay. Yeah. All of this is for the office, but I'll pause. I don't want to owe well. We've got a lot of things. But what do you think of the answers? Let's talk about that. And let's keep our conversation limited to that unless you want me to go deeper into any other agent so far. No, that's good. Like yeah, the answers were great. You know, the, there was spot on. So that was pretty good. I guess I could have asked some technical things. I could have said, how do you do this or whatever sometimes customers want to know? Let's do that. That's the end of the day. Yeah. Does it, does it answer more technical questions like that? Or I would honestly encourage you to just if you have like another one minute, let's call and ask, how do you do it? Ask as technical as you can. I'd really want to see you break it because I'll take this back to my product team and they'll be very happy that it didn't answer something. So we'll train it up on it. So let's try. Yeah. Okay. I'll I'll try to call again and see what see what she says there. Because I was quite happy with the answers the first time. Yeah. Yeah. Try to break it. Trust me. Like ask wherever you can. I was wondering if you guys do hot tub installations. Great question. You don't handle full hot tub installation, but we can definitely help with the plumbing and gas line connections needed for hot tub. If you need a licensed plumber to run water lines, install a gas line for a heater or make sure everything is up to code, that's right up our would you like to chat about what you need done or are you looking for a full install including the electrical and the tub itself? I'm looking for the electrical installation. Thanks for clarity. We can help with the electrical side. Running dedicated circuits, installing GFCI protection and making sure your hot tub is safely wired to code. Could you tell me a bit about your setup? For example, is the hot tub already in place or will you need us to coordinate with delivery? And do you know the electrical requirements for your specific model that will help us get you an accurate quote in timeline? The hot tub is located in the yard 30 feet away from the house. It's a 60 amp 240 volt circuit required. Can you tell me how they would wire that? So a quick overview of how a 60 amp 240 volt circuit for a hot tub in your yard would typically be wired. First, an electrician would run a dedicated 240 volt line from your main electrical panel to the hot tub location. This usually involves installing a new 60 amp double pole breaker in your main panel. Running appropriately sized wire usually has 6 AWP copper, but this can vary based on distance and local code through conduits from the panel to the hot tub. Installing a GFCI protected disconnect box within sight of the hot tub but at least 5 feet away for safety, connecting the wiring from the disconnect to the hot tub's control panel. The exact method can vary depending on the distance, local codes, and your yard's layout. For more detailed plan, we'd send a licensed electrician to assess your setup and provide a quote. Would you like to schedule a site visit or get an estimate? Also, just a heads up. Joining our club membership gives you priority scheduling, discounts, and annual safety checks. I can share more details if you're interested. Can you tell me if they would be using conduit or cable to run underground? Great question. For an outdoor hot tub in solicit and electricians almost always use conduit for underground runs. Here's a quick summary, conduit. Typically they'll use PVC conduit or sometimes metal depending on code to protect the wires underground. The wires inside are usually individual THWN2 conductors rated for wet location. Direct burial cable. In some cases, a special direct burial cable like UFB can be used but for a 60 amp 240 volt circuit. Conduit with individual wires is the standard and safest method, especially for higher amperage and longer distances. Local codes may have specific requirements for burial depths and materials. So a licensed electrician will make sure everything is up to code. Would you like to set up a visit for a detailed quote and just a reminder? Our club membership gives you priority scheduling and discounts on projects like this. Want to hear more about it? Can we also have a generator connected to run the hot tub? Good question. Yes, it's also the connector generator to power your hot tub, but there are a few important things to consider. The generator must be large enough to handle the hot tub's load at least 60 amps at 240 volts, which is a pretty substantial generator. You'll need a transfer switch or interlock system to safely switch between utility power and generator power. So there's no backfeeding. The wiring and setup must meet all local electrical codes for safety. This kind of setup is a bit more complex, but our electricians can definitely help design and install it safely. Would you like to schedule a consultation to go over your options and get a quote? And again, our club membership can save you money on installations and give you priority service. Let me know if you'd like detail. We don't need an appointment at this time, but I'm also wondering about an electric vehicle charger. If I get an electric vehicle charger wired in my garage, does it have to be run in aluminum or copper wire? For an electric vehicle charger in your garage, you can use either copper or aluminum wire, but copper is generally preferred because it's more durable, has better conductivity, and is easier to work with, especially for shorter runs like most garages. However, aluminum wire can be used for longer runs or larger amperage if local code allows, but it requires special connectors and anti-oxidant compound to ensure safe connection. Most electricians recommend copper for EV chargers unless there's a specific reason to use aluminum. If you like, we can have an electrician review your setup and recommend the best option for your home and just a quick reminder. Our club membership gives you discount on installations like EV chargers plus priority scheduling and annual safety checks. Let me know if you want more info. What's better incandescent lighting or LED lighting? LED lighting is definitely the better choice for low-situation. Here's a quick summary. LEDs use much less energy than incandescent bulbs, so you'll save on your electric bill. They last much longer off in 10-20 years compared to about a year for incandescent. LEDs produce less heat, they can then safer and more efficient. You can get LEDs in a wide range of colors and brightness incandescent bulbs are mostly phased out because they're less efficient and don't last as long. LEDs are the way to go for both cost savings and performance. If you're thinking about upgrading your lighting, our club membership can get you discounts on LED upgrades and priority service. Want to hear more about that? Oh no thank you. That was pretty impressive. Yeah? Yeah, thank you. Thank you very much. Ask a question about pizzas. Oh, God, do you guys deliver pizza when you come to do the electrical quote? I wish we did. Sadly, no pizza delivery with our electrical quotes just top-notch service and maybe a few good jokes from our electricians. If you ever need anything else though, we're always here to help. Thanks so much for calling today. Hope you have a great day ahead. Thanks you as well. Oh, one more question. Oh, I forgot what it was. Praise it all. Come back to you. Just give us a call anytime. Have a fantastic day. All right, you two. Thanks. Now the pizza delivery is kind of fun. Yeah. Yeah. And the funny thing is we didn't even train it on that. It picked it up. Yeah, it picked it up on it so and because the system's been so if you see how the conversation started was you asking for a pool installation, which the, that company that Clare has been set up for a thousand though, but it still was able to navigate its conversation to a point where this actually got to a point where this could be a job for you, a potential electrical job because otherwise people will be like, yeah, we don't do pool installation call someone else by. Yeah. Yeah. That's not what it did. It actually went deeper and understood and saw where is its potential. And that's how it's trained right now to do to answer electrical and plumbing questions. Wow. It was pretty good. Yeah. And just certain things which I want you to know, the way it's speaking is right now. Like I mentioned, set up for a demo purpose so we can modify the length of the answers, the way it's speaking, the speed of it, even the pauses that it takes all of that is one hundred percent customizing right now. What we want to show you is it's capabilities to answer any kind of question. Yeah. Wow. Pretty good. And we've also trained it a little bit to be a salesman to you because it's keep throwing those club membership options. So that's a little bit of our attempt to upsell and get you more revenue out of every call. So again, it's completely customizable. You can plug it in, plug it off. That's totally up to you, but we just want to show you its capabilities. That was pretty cool. Yeah. That's neat. Yeah. I mean, there are a lot of things that the system does, but I think you get an idea of what this can do. Like I mentioned, it runs at all times and available around the clock. So if let's say after six o'clock, Ben is not taking any calls. You're not available. You're busy or unwelfering. He's just not available. The system can be pivoted or like it can have a backup workflows where you can now from here on all the calls that you're getting will be of course taken, but the jobs would be scheduled for tomorrow after 8am or maybe your team member will now be routed into these conversations or somebody else would be routed into these conversations. We can have your, if you have somebody on call tomorrow, we can have them plugged into the system. So all those calls will go to that person. So if it's an emergency, Clara doesn't. So one more thing that this does is if somebody's calling with an emergency, you don't have the time to ask so many questions. In that case, it automatically gets the call to you. Oh, okay. Okay. Or whoever for that matter. Yeah. So it works like a dispatch as well, right? So when a call comes in, they can forward the call to me or anyone on the team, however we program it or whatever, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. So generally, generally talks to the person, takes the information, takes the message and then puts it into the dashboard. And then I'm assuming it'll give some sort of notification. Email and text. Perfect, which I can probably turn on or off. I'm sure I wouldn't want to, but okay, so then I'll get the notifications or someone on my team will get the notifications that a college has come in. Look on the dashboard, we'll see all the details and then we'll figure out what to do with it from there. That's one flow. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And then, okay, and it can also dispatch. So if a call comes in, what if someone calls and asks to talk to me directly, they can just send it over to my number or forward the call or will it, what will it say there? There are multiple scenarios and multiple use cases. One is let's say that you get a call from your wife. Yeah. You don't want that call to be screened. You want that to come straight to you. So it'll be configured that, okay, these are some personal numbers, private numbers. There's no filtration or screening happening there. That's one. Second is if you have certain customers who you don't want to be screened at any point in time because they're like your long, very strong relationship driven customers, so you don't have to, they'll be filtered out. And about anyone reaching you, we don't want that because then there'll be no purpose. So we do have like a few levels of screening that are okay. Sure, I'm happy to connect you to Ben. Can you tell me what's it about? Just how you, you'll have like a virtual assistant, right? So that virtual assistant also will transfer that call to you. But after it asks certain questions to make it a verified and a valid call. So we can have those levels of screen. Unless you don't want that to be the case, unless you want whoever asks for Ben, just get him to me. So that doesn't really defeats the purpose, but we can do that still if you want. Yeah. And how does, how do we integrate it with the phone? Like right now, my cell phone number, it's still my personal number, but it's also the business number. I'm going to, I am going to be getting a personal cell phone with a different phone number. Of course, now I've got hundreds of contacts in this phone from family and friends. So I've got to transfer all that information over. But how do we get Clara to answer numbers that call into this phone? I must have to put an app on my phone or something, right? So we can have a forwarding setup. That's one. And second is that in that case, we can have it forwarded to a fresh number, which we can provide to you on which you can take all the calls. So it's not going to charge you anything. It's not cost. It's a free of cost number. And you can have a conversation there. Okay. So how, how, how does that work? Right. So if let's say somebody's calling you, the call gets forwarded on any number for that matter. If somebody calls you, the call gets forwarded to Clara, Clara understands what the job is all about. And then in case that call needs to be routed to you. So we can have it routed to a fresh number that we will have set up for you. Oh, yeah. Oh, one sim phone. I mean, if you want. Yeah, it can be a Google voice, Google number. It's a fairly simple process and we can have that setup with you. Okay. And then, uh, yeah. So would we be setting it up so that Clara answers every call that comes to my business phone number? Yes. Provided some exceptions, barring some exceptions. If you want certain calls to not be screened, they will be screened. Okay. So I can still use this phone, Clara will generally answer the business calls, except for ones that I say, just let them go right through and ring my phone. So would I even get, if somebody calls, and I've got Clara answering, will I even know that it's coming probably not until after the notification, hey? Would you want that to be the case? Because I want to understand this use case a little better, because not every call's going to come to you, because the purpose of Clara is to be that receptionist. Yeah. And that entire back office. Yeah. That's that's what I mean. So, so if I'm like playing a video game on my phone, and maybe I don't want to be disturbed by random people, which is the whole point of all this, right? Not for video games, but I'm not even going to know that call came in until I get the notification afterwards. That is correct. Yeah. So my phone's not going to ring, and I let it go to Clara. Basically, the phone's going to go to the call's going to go to Clara, and Clara will decide whether not to let it go to me. Exactly. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Okay. And so I don't need to get a new phone number, but I can. And we'll have that facilitated for you. And this is all on, and again, I don't want to get off track from here, but this is all for the office. We have a very comprehensive solution for your field guys as well. I just want you to know about it. I'm not going to go into too much depth, because I don't want to over new, but you mentioned something, which I picked up on wherein that when you guys go out in the field, if they have any questions about a certain equipment or a certain job, they reach out to you. Yeah. We can optimize this workflow as well, because we can have a ride along with them. What that means is we'll have a, say, if you had a master technician, master electrician with you at all times, who's walking with you, and if you have any questions, you ask it and it responds. And similarly, you have an assistant walking besides you again, and telling you what needs to be done. For example, you first speak to the customer builder, Rappo, and understand what the job is all about. And then at the end, you probably try to upsell certain things, which usually miss out on because you're so focused on the work. And certain of these checkpoints or the task list that you need to follow a checklist. So that person will be responsible telling you that. And heard is if you're working on a very complex equipment, you're not really sure. So you need to call customer support of that company, Mr. Bouchi or any, any, any, Bryant train, any well, you call them and then they tell you so you can have another person like that helping you out. So all these three people combined together is what builds our field co-pilot. Oh, okay. Guys, that's our AI system. It listens to the conversations between your guys and the customer. And actually critiques you at the end of it that you did this really well, but you could have done this well after the conversation and all that information can come to you at the end of the day. That's crazy. Okay. Yeah, you're right. That is overwhelming. That's kind of cool though. Yeah, that's one. That's one. And then of course, any question about the job, you just click a picture. It tells you what needs to be done. And it also has a list of check list of tasks that needs to be completed. And if there is something which is getting missed around, they get a nacho. Okay, you're about to end this conversation. Why don't you ask it to upsell or why don't you sell that membership card? So all that can be nudged to your guys out in the field. Oh, wow. Okay. So that's something for the guys. And the idea of Clara Ben is to have to be that one AI shop for Ben Ben has any question comes to us. We mostly will have a solution for it. But in cases, we don't we build that for you. And that's another agent for us. And we build it specifically for the trades business. That's the only edge and the biggest edge that we have against a lot of other systems that we have built specifically for the trades. Right. Very cool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that was great. That was really neat. So let's talk about the answers. How do you want to go about this? About how it is first. Yeah. Is that up you mean sort of thing? Yeah. Would this be something that you'd think that could be helpful, it could be beneficial for your business? I think it could, you know, I think it'd be great to have an answer. Some calls we definitely get enough calls coming in. What's the volume that we're talking about? It varies. You know, I mean, I get, I don't get a ton of random calls. I mean, I do, I probably get 10 to 20 calls a week from just all customers. Right. If that most of the calls I get are from my regular contractors. I get it, obviously crap ton of calls from inspectors and from the guys on the tools and everything too. Right. Oh, and then of course, I also get all the random calls, all the extra sales calls. Yeah. And that's sort of thing too. So yeah, probably, I don't even know. It's tough to say it could be 20 to 50 calls a week, you know, make sense. Nobody has an exact idea. And then why would anyone count the number of calls that they're getting? Right. But with this system, you'd be able to calculate even that aspect of your life and actually optimize it for the better. So saving a lot of time on that. And that's something that we're able to do for you. So it'd be pretty cool to have Clara answer most of the business calls. Yeah, that'd be really good because I mean, I have a couple contractors who are kind of a bit of a pain. And it would be okay to have them talk to Clara. Clara can summarize what they had to say. Absolutely. And then I can call them back. You know, so I'll have some preferred that just can call me directly because I got a lot that are great and I definitely need to be talking to them right away. But that's that's pretty much it. So, you know, I would definitely it would be definitely be configured to answer random calls that have to give it quite a few numbers to just let go through or just give my personal cell number to some of these guys. Either either or we'll also yeah. So I'll tell you the next steps here, the onboarding team where and I'll be introducing you to two people who will be responsible for understanding your workflow in and out. Yeah. And then marrying that workflow into Clara answers and Clara answers with them. Of course, we set up based on your business, your working hours, the kind of jobs that you do, the kind of jobs that you don't do, but would be interested in your location, your address, your service, civil locations. And then after all that's done, we give you that number to try out. So you can call on that number a few times, see how the system's responding, ask it questions, it's going to be like a test to before you actually take it live. And once you see that, okay, it's perfectly capable. We then take you live. Wow, that's pretty cool. So what's the what's the price point? Like what's the cost? Right. So just think of somebody coming in doing this for you, you've already had a virtual assistant, but then again, you can also have a full-time assistant, and the kind of cost that we involved with it them. This is a fraction of it. Okay. Okay. What we're looking at is of course, dependent on your volumes, but since you mentioned that you've given me a rough idea of the kind of volume that we're talking about here, and we can, of course, keep evaluating it and upgrading to the next level. So the most basic plan that we have is $249 a month. Two for any month? Okay. Yes. That's US. And what that covers is, what that covers is 500 minutes in a month. So that's going to give you quite a lot of minutes. And these minutes don't really include the sales filtration that we're doing. Okay. Excuse me one quick second. Sure. Sorry. I've got a few dogs over here trying to get outside. So I'll go. In calm, he's a little too stupid. He doesn't really care. Somebody says he keeps sleeping and doesn't do anything. Right. Yeah. So we have the most basic plan is $249 and that gives you 500 minutes in a month. And we can start off as small as a six month plan or a three month plan. What are we comfortable with? And then accordingly, we can see and keep evaluating if you want a higher plan with more number of minutes or you want a new agent, another agent, because we have like bunch of agents that I told you about, right? We can actually have another call set up to discuss the other agents, but yeah, we can start small start with this and see how this works. I would like to try it out for sure. Yeah, it sounds pretty good. I definitely kind of like the idea of giving it a three month, three months try. Sure. And I think it'd be pretty cool actually. You're a blown away. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you what and what this is a statistic from a week from week back from today. This was New Year's and you don't want to be working on the Eve because that's when you want to spend time with family, you want to relax. Turns out Clara gets activated and used the most during the holiday season. The same thing happened around Thanksgiving and then again around New Year's when people were with their families. The calls that kept coming in because these are emergency calls as well, right? You can't be waiting for too long. So the calls that came in were responded by Clara and Clara was programmed to book everything for say the fourth because that's when they started working. And a lot of bookings happened. So when somebody came back into the office saw everything and their calendar was packed with people waiting for the jobs and they were all aligned and like ready to be booked for like 9 a.m. 10 a.m. 12 p.m. etc. So you won't even know that your somebody's thing in the office is working around the club taking all the calls, helping you with everything. And the schedule's almost ready. Just needs your final look and then you can go ahead and book it. Wow. Yeah, to that end for the booking because Clara can book just a site visit or straight up a job. Now some some tasks come in and it's you know going to be a two hour job. Some come in and it's going to be an eight hour job. Am I able to there must be a way she's pretty good to filter through those. So Clara knows when it can actually book the job as a as a service call and we can expect you know my tech to be there for an hour or two versus when it's going to be bigger and requires a site visit. It will be trained on that. So it will ask the questions and analyze if this is a job that would take longer. In fact, if you call it right away and ask, it's okay, we're almost time would this job take or how much time was this. I mean, how much time would a project take. It will tell you an estimated time and it would. And like I mentioned, the way you train it to answer it will. And just to clarify Ben, like like I said, we did have a booking feature which we have rolled back. The reason of rolling it back is because if you have something on your calendar from 1 to 3 p.m. You can not sure that's going to end at exactly 3 p.m. It might end at 2, it might end at 4. Yeah. That's why if we have something on the calendar from 1 to 3, Clara will analyze that from your calendars and then accordingly it will propose that okay, let's book something from 4. Are you okay? Customs says yes and now that information comes to you and then you can decide if you want to book it for 4 or not. Right. Okay. So yes, so Clara doesn't actually confirm an appointment but it can suggest a time or two. Yes. I mean, it can pretty much. I mean, if you wanted to give that customer a confirmation, it can. But I'm sure you don't have that confirmation yourself because you know, that'll be tricky. Yeah, exactly. Unless it's just for me for site visits and I can program into Clara a certain time. Exactly. But yeah, generally like my guys, they're in a different calendar right there on the job or calendar. Clara is not going to know. So wherever you have the confirmations or you're certain about certain things, Clara can be certain wherever you feel, I mean, when the guy is out in the field and not certain when the job's going to end, how can we book the next job? Okay, so that's why we take the information and that's why if you saw on that email and on the dashboard, we have the preferred job dates and preferred job times and it can take multiple slots. Yeah, yeah. And you can book whatever works for you. Yeah. Good, good stuff. Great. So let me quickly walk you through the next steps. The next steps are going to be that, of course, I'll have a contract sent over to you. It'll be a docuSign. It'll have all the details and I need some information for which I'll take from you in just a minute. And then we also will be scheduling a kickoff call for you in this kickoff call. I'll introduce you to the one or the two people who will be your dedicated points of contact. They'll be your own voting managers and they will understand like I mentioned your workflows and have called Clara configured for it. And then slowly we'll train it up for you as if it's one of your employees and then you can try and test it fantastic. Yeah. Okay. So I just need some information. You can probably put it in the chat here. Let's put it to your yeah. So I just need the company's full name. I'm assuming there might be an INC or a private limited or something at the end of it. So no, I'm still so proprietor. But it will be it's going to be coming this year too. I'm going to have to get incorporated. So I see changes all we started you starting with Clara and then slowly yeah. Yeah. I've been kind of enjoying just being a sole proprietor keeping it small working from home. But I got to get a little bit more ambitious this year. The work is there. The connections are there. The growth is definitely possible. Got it. So I have gotten the company's name. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Um, you probably email. Yes. Your full name. I'm assuming you'll be the point of contact in this entire process. Yeah. It's going to be me and then probably switch over to Greg at some point during the year. He's going to be my kind of operations manager estimator. Got it. Hopefully, hopefully someone kind of cloned of me forgetting all this office work done. Um, so it was the other thing you needed. Yeah. It's a company's name. You've given number. You've given email. You've given your full name and your address. Yes. Like the full billing address on which we can have it sent over. Yeah. Uh, this is just for the records. There's nothing. Um, just boilerplate stuff. Yeah. No problem. Great. I think I have everything here. I'm just copying it at my end as well. Just I don't miss place anything. Okay. And when do we want to do the kickoff call Ben? Uh, let me just grab some assuming that we'd be able to get the paperwork signed up today. It's not going to be it doesn't take more than two minutes, it's just very basic stuff. Uh, so we just need one day after that. So if we're able to sign up the paperwork today, tomorrow we can do a kickoff call of you. Yeah. No, I'll get the paperwork signed today. That shouldn't be a problem at all. Of course, now I just haven't pulled up my job yet for a little bit. Now we've got a whole bunch of things to look at. Um, okay. So kick off. Where's that there? Taste Thursday. You could probably do a kickoff call. How long do how much time do we need for that? We'll wrap it up in 30. It's going to be just the first level introductory call. So we'll try to wrap it up in 30 minutes. 30 minutes. That'll be the first call and then there'll be another couple calls after that or that is correct. So we'll have like two info conversations, but we don't want to be like asking you to sit for like an hour or two and sit with us. We just give us some information. We'll work on that once it's ready. Then we'll show it to you. So we work in blocks so that whatever modularity is or changes you want in every block, we can spend enough time on that. Okay, perfect. I appreciate that. Um, then tomorrow tomorrow, on noon should be good. Oh, uh, let me see here. Perfect. That actually works perfectly for us as well. Yeah, that'll work. Yeah. One second. Well, it was Clara kickoff call for Ben's electric solutions. I've just sent you an invite Ben. Could you confirm on Ben at Ben's electric solutions team. My team.com must have come from my name. Pardon. Yeah. Okay. And a second. Uh, nope, not up yet. Sometimes it takes a minute. Um, and do you have like a credit card handy right now or? Yeah. Okay. So I just need the details once you have the ex people executed the card shall execute so we're looking at just to reconfirm We're looking at you're looking at a starter plan which is 249 which offers 500 minutes and we're looking at a three month plans So that's 249 into three roughly 750 plus a believe in kind of 5% tax that's roughly around what GST Yeah We're gonna charge all up for it. Oh for the three months. Yes. That's why we give you the flexibility of choosing the timeline and We're not really signing so you open a one-year contract or anything. That's why we're very flexible But I'm sure after the three months you will be wanting to kind of renew it for a year or two and there's one thing that I'll do for you Ben specifically and we do that for everybody Which is that on the contractor that I'll share with you since it's gonna be like a contract where in the timeline will be defined as 12 months So after three months if you decide to continue which I'm sure you will we'll keep this same price for you Because our price might change in three months or five months or whatever, but we don't want to have you Be paying the extra cost that might happen because this product was all year a different cost and now it's at a 249 and Price yeah, we'll have that highlighted in the Gotcha Yeah, you can make hard right now Yes, so I need like the name on the card. I'm assuming it's your name Yeah, or the company's name Both are actually on there Okay, so I was putting your name then that should not be a problem. Yeah, you can put in Ben Fenoyer Great and what will be the number? 5526 1220 0.052 4781 Okay and the expiration O329 0329 and the CSC 641 Okay, let's has your name. I think we have that great and I have your address as well So while do it was in the next 15 minutes you'll receive an email and It'll be a docky sign. You can just go through that contract and should everything go look good You can go ahead and have it executed like as I just don't take a lot of time It's very basic and once that's done We'll see you on the kickoff call tomorrow. I've already sent you the invite I hope you've received it now or is it has it's not comes from No, it's there now. Okay great and once You have the paperwork executed. I will loop in my onboarding specialist that just one Formality that we do which is that I can only loop them and once the paperwork's completed just a Internal thing, but yeah, that should know we've found something for me to take care of but yeah, I think we're good Terrific. Oh any any questions for me Ben. Go over now Thank you so much. I have a very good time talking to you and we're really excited to show you what this can do And in the three months you'll be able to see so much revenue coming in which you didn't even know Which is fantastic and yeah looking forward to growing together Ben and see you tomorrow on the kickoff call you bet. Thanks very much, man Thank you. You have a good day. Bye. You do Ending the meeting now